### 338 Keeper Rules for 2019-2020 Season
1. **1. Season:** The 2019-2020 338 Keeper Season begins with the 2019 LLWS tournament and ends with the 2020 Olympic Steeplechase.  There are 14 permanent sports and a 15th sport that changes each year.  Permanent sports are: NCAA Football, NFL, NCAA Basketball, NBA, NCAA Hockey, NHL, NCAA Baseball, MLB, Champions League, Kentucky Derby, PGA, LLWS, Men&#39;s and Women&#39;s Tennis. For the 2019-20 season, the rotating sport will be Men&#39;s Steeplechase in the Olympics. Subsequent years will be MLS, World Cup and Women&#39;s World Cup (rotating sports subject to change).
2. **2. Ownership:**  Teams are allowed to have multiple owners and split the entry fee and winnings any way they choose.
    1. **a.** For league voting purposes, each team will only receive one vote, regardless of number of owners.
    2. **b.** Owners are not allowed to own or have partial ownership in multiple 338 teams in the same league, but may own or have partial ownership in teams in different leagues.  If relegation puts 2 teams with the same owner or partial owner in the same league, that owner must drop ownership or partial ownership of one team and remain uninvolved until the teams are no longer in the same league.
3. **3. Rosters:** Each Owner has 20 roster slots with one slot dedicated to each sport (15 slots) and 5 slots open to any sport.  Roster slots may be left open at any time.
  1. **a. Tennis/Golf:** You do not have to use the same player throughout the year.  2 players used in the same tournament will require 2 roster slots, but waivering/trading players for each tournament is allowed and the scores will be combined.  If using multiple roster slots, Owner must declare which slot a newly acquired player will be in.  Owners cannot use the same player in multiple slots, unless 2 or more rostered players have been used in the same slot.  In that case, order is determined by the highest ranked player at the time of acquisition going into the roster slot with the most points.  EX: I have Tiger and Phil for The Masters, then trade them both for Rory and Scott prior to the PGA.  I must declare which players will be combined before the event.  I choose Tiger/Scott & Phil/Rory.  For the US Open, I trade Rory for Tiger and drop Scott for Stenson, making the combo Tiger/Scott/Tiger & Phil/Rory/Stenson.  Then I claim Scott for British Open, keeping Tiger & Stenson.  At time of claim, rankings are: #1-Scott, #3-Tiger, #7-Stenson.  Combo becomes Tiger/Scott/Tiger/Scott, Phil/Rory/Stenson/Tiger, Stenson.
  2. **b. Injured Reserve:** Each Owner will have one IR slot per individual sport (MT, WT, PGA).  If a player withdraws from an event prior to the start for any reason, Owner may move the player to IR and claim a new player.  This will not cost a waiver claim, but the replacement player will be automatically dropped at the end of the tournament.  IR claims are processed after the waiver deadline, giving priority to waiver claims.  IR claims must be submitted prior to the start of the tournament.  If a player is suspended or does not qualify for an event, IR does not apply and the player must be replaced by a waiver claim.
4. **4. Entry Fee** : $250 Payment due by Oct 1st, 2019. **Late payment may result in single sport disqualification(s) at the discretion of the Board of Directors.**
5. **5. Scoring:** Points are awarded to the top 8 of each sport. 8 points for winning the league, 5 points for runner-up, 3 points for reaching the semifinals, and 1 point for reaching the quarterfinals. See individual sport for details.  If any team/player is later stripped of a standing, prior to relegation or the final championship of the year (whichever comes first), due to violation of any kind, points will be adjusted.  Any violation and resulting standings change post-deadline will have no impact on the 338.
  1. **a. College Football:** Top 4 teams will be determined by the CFP.  The 4 highest ranked teams in the final AP Poll who are not in the playoffs will each get 1 point.
  2. **b. Tennis:** Tennis-only points are awarded for each of the 4 Grand Slam Events (2019 US Open, 2020 Aussie Open, French Open and Wimbledon) immediately after the tournament.  1st=8, 2nd=5, SF=3, QF=1. Negative 2 points awarded to a Top 8 Seed losing in the 1st round and Negative 1 point for a Top 8 Seed losing in the 2nd round.  Tennis points will be tallied individually, to a specific roster slot.  If a player is traded or dropped, the Owner retains any points they have earned.  EX: I have Djokovic who wins the Aussie Open, scoring me 8 pts.  I trade him for Nadal prior to the French Open.  Nadal wins, so I now have 16 pts.  If I had kept Djokovic and traded for Nadal prior to the French Open, then Nadal beats Djokovic, I would have 13 pts for my first Tennis slot (Djokovic Aussie W + FO 2nd place) and 8 pts for my second slot (Nadal FO W).  League pts awarded to top 8 total scores (OWNER may have multiple places in the top 8.  Owner must score at least 1 point to be eligible).
  3. **c. Golf:**  Golf-only points are awarded for each of the 4 2020 majors, immediately after the tournament: 1st=50, 2nd=40, 3rd-35th=37,36,35...6,5, 36th-40th =3, made cut =1, missed cut= -5.  Golf points will be tallied individually, to a specific roster slot.  If a player is traded or dropped, the Owner retains any points they have earned.  EX: I have Tiger and Phil.  Tiger wins the Masters (50pts) and Phil finishes 11th (29 pts).  I keep Tiger but drop Phil and Tiger wins the PGA. I now have 100pts for Tiger and still have 29pts for Phil.  Prior to the US Open, I pick up Rory and still have Tiger. Rory wins and Tiger misses the cut.  I now have 95 pts for Tiger and 79 pts combined for Phil/Rory.  Following the four majors League points will be awarded to top 8 total scores.  Each Owner may have multiple places in the top 8.  Owner must score at least 1 pt to be eligible.
  4. **d. Tennis/Golf League Points:** Players may be dropped and traded throughout the year, resulting in multiple players earning points.  Rosters will lock after the final major&#39;s deadline and in order for league points to be earned, a roster slot must be occupied by that sport for the number of players earning points.  Ex: If I have Djokovic and Nadal and they finish first and second in tennis, I must have 2 roster slots occupied by men&#39;s tennis players in order to earn league points.  If I traded or dropped one of them and filled the roster slot with a different sport, I would only earn league points for one player.
  5. **e. Tie Breakers** : _Individual Sport_: League Points will be split evenly among all tied Owners.  Golf points awarded in full to each tied owner.  Money split for 1st and/or 2nd place tie.  _League_:  Owners will split the winnings evenly.  _Relegation: _ See Below.
6. **6. Payout** :

    1. **League A** :
        - 1st:
        - 2nd:
        - 3rd:
        - 4th:
        - 5th:

    2. **League B** :
        - 1st:
        - 2nd:
        - 3rd:
        - 4th:
        - 5th:

    3. **League C:**
        - 1st:
        - 2nd:
        - 3rd:
        - 4th:
        - 5th:

    1. **Single Sport Payouts:**  1st: $25  2nd: $10.  If an un-owned team finishes 1st or 2nd, money goes into league pot and divided equally among top 5.  Leftover amount after equally dividing goes to League Winner. If Owners tie, money is split evenly.
2. **7. Waiver Wire** : Originally set by reverse draft order. A successful claim drops you to the bottom. All non-rostered players are on waivers. Waiver claims are made by submission via the site&#39;s Waivers Page.  Select the player you want and hit submit.  The league will be notified and there will be a 3-day waiting period where any other Owner may also claim the player. Claims process exactly 72 hours after the original claim, regardless of how many other owners put a claim in.  At the 72-hour mark, the Owner with the highest waiver priority will be awarded the player and must roster the player.  If no valid roster slots are available, the claim will process as invalid and go to the next Owner.  If the Waiver deadline has already passed, a player in that sport may NOT be dropped, even if in the same sport as the player being claimed, unless claim/drop was entered prior to the deadline but processes after.   Once submitted, a claim may be cancelled within 2 hours of entry.  After 2 hours, claims may not be cancelled but the player being dropped may be adjusted up to the process time.  At Certain times, the Waiting Period is waived for College Basketball, College Hockey, Kentucky Derby and LLWS.  Due to the conference tournaments ending just before CBB and CHK brackets are announced, there will be no waiver period on claims in CBB and CHK.  Instead, we will have a 1 week &quot;quiet period&quot; prior to the deadline.  Claims will not be announced to the league and will process at the deadline based on waiver position.  Extra draft picks at the end of KD &amp; LLWS will be up for waiver claim until the individual draft begins.  At that point, remaining draft picks may be claimed with no waiting period.  _Golf/Tennis_: Owners do NOT receive credit for points earned in tournaments prior to waiver pickup.  Teams may be dropped without a pick-up, leaving an open roster slot to be filled later.  One roster slot must be dedicated to each sport and cannot be filled with a player from a different sport.  Flex spots can be filled with players from any sport.
  1. **a. Waiver Deadline:** See each sport for waiver deadlines. After the deadline NO PLAYERS may be claimed or dropped from roster, **except** for late drops and pending claims in the 3-day waiting period.  After the deadline, there will be an email sent with players that were dropped within 12 hours of deadline or dropped after a successful claim and Owners will have an opportunity to claim them.  This eliminates holding a player until the last minute to keep others from claiming.  This also allows an Owner that put in a claim, but was trumped by a higher waiver to claim another player.
3. **8. Trades** : Trades are submitted to Commish and if eligible, presented to the league.  Trades are ineligible if they break any 338 rules stated herein or include any non-338 assets.  There will be a 3-day voting period needing 8 Yes votes to pass. A no-response during the voting period will be considered an approval.  Once a trade is submitted for Commish approval, the involved Owners are agreeing to the trade and may not make changes or vote against it unless all involved agree. Future Round Draft Picks may be traded, but only for the next draft to take place (if mid-draft, trades apply to that draft) and must be 1:1 (Owner-A trades 1st round pick to Owner-B for player and 5th round pick.)
    1. **a. Golf/Tennis**: Points already earned by players that are traded stay with the former Owner.
    2. **b. Trade Deadline** : See each sport for trade deadlines. After the deadline NO TEAMS for that sport may be traded relating to the current season.  Teams may be traded after the deadline for future seasons. 
        - Future Round Draft Picks: Deadline for trading draft picks and players for future seasons is July 15. 
    3. **c. Keepers**: Players acquired via trade are eligible to be named a Keeper. Player’s draft round will be determined by draft position in previous draft.
4. **9. Draft:** Draft order determined by draw, with Owners place in one bucket and draft position placed in a different bucket. Conducted via website in Snake style. For leagues that have a smaller number of teams (e.g. KD, LLWS), every member must be able to draft a team from a league. Once the limit has been reached, only members without a team from that league will be allowed to draft from that sport.  Once a draft pick has been submitted and emailed to the league, it cannot be changed.
    1. **a. Kentucky Derby** : The draft for the Kentucky Derby will be held in May once the field is announced. During the League draft, you will be selecting a draft position rather than an actual horse. (For example, you may use your 4th round selection for the first pick in the Kentucky Derby draft).  Draft limited to 18 horses in case of a late scratch, Owner will be able to replace horse.  If a horse is scratched after being drafted, a replacement may be picked at the completion of the draft and it will NOT count as a waiver claim.  If multiple horses are scratched, replacements are chosen in original draft order.  The first pick must be made by 8:30 AM PST on race day.  If not made by 8:30, the OWNER with Pick #2 may draft and so on.  Owner with #1 may pick at any time after that, but cannot take a horse already drafted.
    2. **b. LLWS:** The draft for the LLWS will begin in August, after the regional winners are set. During the League draft, you will be selecting a draft position rather than an actual team (For example, you may use your 4th round selection for the first pick in the LLWS draft). There are only 16 teams in the LLWS.
    3.	**c. Steeplechase:** The draft for the STP will begin in July, exact date TBD. During the League draft, you will be selecting a draft position rather than an actual team (For example, you may use your 4th round selection for the first pick in the STP draft). 
5. **10. Keepers:** Each owner may designate up to 3 Players as Keepers. To be eligible, the Player must have been drafted in the previous draft and rostered the entire season. KD and LLWS draft picks and traded players are eligible for Keeper status, but free agent claims are not.  A player designated as a Keeper will be drafted by the Owner one round earlier than taken in the previous draft.  First Round picks are not eligible to be a Keeper.  Keepers must be declared prior to the start of the draft and may not be changed once submitted.
    1. a. If 2 or 3 players designated as Keepers were previously drafted in the same round, one Keeper will move up an additional round. 
        - An Owner cannot designate 2 2nd round picks as Keepers unless Owner has multiple first round picks.  
    2. b. If Owner has multiple picks in a round where a Keeper is taken, Owner may choose which pick Keeper is taken with.       

